added uv run python section (#7457)
astral-sh/uv: docs/guides/scripts.md

    isolate packages required by each script. uv automatically manages virtual environments for you
    and prefers a [declarative](#declaring-script-dependencies) approach to dependencies.

<!-- ## Running a script

> To start an interactive Python session where you can run commands and explore your environment, use `uv run python`: -->

Reviewer: Leftover comment that needs to be removed?

## Running a REPL

To start an interactive Python session where you can run commands and explore your environment, use:

```console
$ uv run python
```

```
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>>> print("Hello World")
Hello World
```

> This will open a Python script where you can execute individual Python commands and experiment
> interactively with the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open a Python session in interactive mode, where you can execute individual Python commands and experiment
with the environment.
```

Author: @lucab 
Thank you for valuable suggestion.
